feat(docs): Add example for localizing the workflow name on Inbox (#712)
novuhq/docs: inbox/react/localization.mdx

        'inbox.status.unreadRead': 'Unread/Read',
        'inbox.title': 'Inbox',
        'notifications.emptyNotice': 'No notifications',
        dynamic: {

>           // use the workflow's id as a key to localize the workflow's name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          // use the workflowId as a key to localize the workflow name
```
